I don't know if it was
fate I don't know how it
happened but I saw a picture of
you and this song was born for you For
you to skate it was only a matter of time A
walk by the river You left and I
left But I had to call you to tell you
that if you want we can travel the world You
if you want forget about everything If you prefer
each day we
start ours again If you want in yours I'll
build you a mansion Let the walls
carry your color With little light just the right one
from your
heart Tell me if you
want [Music] You want to stick to me Give me what I
wanted to feel for so long That little shell that
makes me
laugh Give it to me that I'll give to you Because I
know that you swim like you there's no
substitute Come on, your body and as it happened
Camilo that I sing to you Just like that, just like that It
was only a matter of time
A walk by the river And you left and
I left But I had to call you to
tell you that if you want I'll love you all over the
world You if you want Forget about everything if
you prefer each day We start
ours again if you want in yours  the others I'll build you
a mansion so the walls carry your
color with little Lula likes the one from your
heart If you want, if you want If you
want, you want to
see if you want If you want If you want it was
only a matter of
time a walk by the river you
left and I left but I had to
call you to tell you that you are if you want I
love you all over the world you if you want
forget about everything if you prefer every day we
come back and
start it over if you want in the I'll build you a
mansion
[Music]
and let your heart put the color Tell me
if you
want If you
want If you want, you
want Oh Tell me if you want
[Music]
what I thought that loving no longer
existed that kisses are given away on
any
corner I who thought that loving
was just a game but I look at you and it's that I'm dying to
have you next to me to invest my life in
exciting you and I
will win the game the time that was
[Music]
lost and I ask Every day that your soul be
my guide until the last kiss that says goodbye to
this path and I ask every day to always be able to
love you waiting for the moment to have
you
[Music]
In front if the world separates I'll stay
with you If tomorrow doesn't dawn I'll stay
with you If you want me to stay I'll
stay
with you What do things matter to me And
when I smile I turn around and I
'm with you With
you Investing my life in
exciting you And
[Music]
I will win the game The time that was [
Music]
lost And I ask Every day that your soul be
my guide Until the last kiss that says goodbye to
this path And I ask every day to always be able to
love you Waiting for the moment to have you
I
[Music]
In front to invest my life in
exciting you And I
[Music]
will win the game The time that was
lost And I ask Every day that your soul be
my guide Until the last kiss that says goodbye to
this path And I ask every day to always be able to
love you Waiting for the moment to have you I
[Music] In front to invest my life in exciting you And I [Music] will win
the game The time that was lost And I ask Every
day that your soul be my guide
Until the last kiss that says goodbye to this path And I ask every day to always be able to love you Waiting for the moment to have you I [Music] in ...
that with shame we couldn't Even
look at each other The moment arrived and I took your hand
as we continued walking For the 12
remained silent In The big
city City City City
City go I want to see the
star shine in the sky If by my side I have the
most beautiful in the
firmament I don't know if you'll understand me I'm
telling you what my heart will feel like it
smiles
Inside I'll
tell you to pinch myself every day When I
wake up that if Cuto is to know you
more there's no Fog that can darken
this
love I know that we
will go through moments that we never
imagined The pain will be so strong
that we will think about
leaving each other But this feeling of ours
will put in check the
wounds that we fall on the soul
Breathe me
please because this life is
slipping away from us Why do I want to see it
shine Why do I want to see the
star shine in the sky If by my side
I have the most beautiful in the
firmament I don't know if you'll
understand me And what I'm telling you You have to
feel the way your heart smiles
Inside I want to I want to
see If by my side I have the
firmament I don't know if you'll understand me It's been
done that  I'll tell you, you have to
feel the way your heart smiles, Conro
[Music]
Okay, good afternoon, how are you all,
family? It's been a while since I've been
here. I'm going to put it in
subscriber mode. I'm going to check the
member bar. It's strange to me that it hasn't gone
down with how abandoned we are.
Telesalseo
792 Okay, more or less like there are 792
members, eh, Telesalseo is
disappearing, family. What's up? What's up?
What's up, family. Good afternoon. Okay,
this live broadcast was a surprise. Well, look, I
was gathering a little news and
such. Fabiola, a kiss, to record a
newscast, but the truth is it seemed a
little bad to me, as my friends would say,
sending the editor anything. At 6:00
p.m. today, and I don't even know if he'd
accept it, so I say. Okay, I'll open
a live broadcast, we'll discuss some
topics, and then they'll release the
same extract. Let's see, it's really been
a little weird, eh,
summer is being a little weird. Oh,
wait, between the topics not being
very good, between the vacations,
between now, the operation, aren't you
noticing your nose? Well, let's see.  I notice it
yes, I'm getting more air and I noticed it from
the first moment from the
waking room the truth is I noticed it a lot what
happens is that yes it's true that man
I'm not 100% I'm not 100% as I would
like
eh the truth is that it hurts okay it hurts
a lot I bleed a lot
m in reality so little so little so little
so little thing as they promised me it wasn't you
know let's see anyway I had to
do it you know what happens is that I
imagine that he to cheer me up Hey
Thank you very much ro for those five
members I'm going to update the bar
in fact eh so that
people can see what's there
a year ago we were about to
take we're about to the Super Theme
Daniel Sancho just today it was no if it wasn't
today it was yesterday no I don't know if it was day two let's
see, the bar is going well I think that
with Daniel Sancho it was on day 2 did you notice
pain
eh tarantula it hurt a lot when
the anesthesia wore off at night or rather the
day when the truth is that the operation
obviously I didn't notice  and
they put me straight in there they put me to
sleep in a p you know what they
put you there come on tell me up to TR pu
[ __ ] up the ass you know and you don't realize it
always causes me a lot of concern the
issue of them
putting me to sleep and I always start to freak out
when when I leave when I've gone to have an
operation on something I always stay like
freaked out saying
[ __ ] I'm not going to be able to sleep because I
'm waiting for them to put me
to sleep I mean I'm thinking that they're going to put me to sleep I
'm watching To see if they put me to sleep and I'm not
going to fall asleep And what's up no way the
last thing I remember is that my
hand hurt it hurt like my hand
where they put the IV in like I was
going to sleep like that my arm you know And he
said to me It's normal it's normal
and calm down think about something nice something
like that he said to me and they woke me up
that's what I remember and the truth is
that from the moment they
started to wake me up in the
awakening room I noticed like you know I noticed
like I was getting a lot of air I
mean this time uh I think it's
going to be the definitive one because  I noticed
immediately okay also I felt
like super well I felt like
super what happened is that when I
went home uh well I was really
hungry not because I had been there for 5 months
since the night before because I had to be
fasting how many members did I say
And then
I stopped to buy myself a sandwich okay
And and no I couldn't eat the
sandwich properly because my teeth were
asleep my mouth was asleep
and and when I got home I
got home with a lot of energy Lorena
let's go for a walk let's go I don't know what I don't
know how much but after a while
this anesthesia wore off uh My
nose started to sting a lot my
throat and such you know it started to
sting a lot and my
head started to hurt and I had to lie down and so there we are
We're there for a while the
truth is for a while the truth But yes it
's true that man I think that this is the
definitive one and I think that in this one I'm
going to notice it and I'm going to be able to breathe well
a sandwich how gross a
whole wheat bread and ham sandwich hurts me because I
'm trying  maintain and respect the
diet no no come on tarantula it was later let's
think they caught me around 6 in the
afternoon and at 8 around there I was at my
house with the sandwich let's go see what
happened off camera on the set of
survivor no Lili the truth is that
no the truth is that I have no idea
let's see some things
let's see some things and if you
come up with new things you can tell me
sincerely I wanted to I don't know what I don't know if I should do it
or not because maybe this was
more for the salsera But the truth is
that the kids don't need me to
answer these things in the
salsera because they have been there and
all that
stuff I don't know if I should comment on one thing here I don't know if I should comment on one thing
here the
truth is I don't know if you guys are in the mood for
gossip or or No the truth is I don't know if you guys
are in the mood for buns or no I do
n't notice you've been a little crazy for a while now
man Marisa I just had surgery
I'm sick daughter I'm sick How could I not
be
crazy let's see what  about Fran well about Fran
basically yesterday Fran was with
us at the
salseria
and we had a chat at the salseria and he
was giving more details
and So you can see okay
the salseria is up and and well let's
see what it is what's left let's
see there's one thing there which is that I
already look really there are a series of
characters to me They seem quite
pathetic okay
like they're people from the past in
this case I'm going to talk about Joan Planas
okay And look man I've kept quiet For
a year eh I say let's see if she gets tired and you don't
shut your mouth man and and I'm going to
answer you whenever necessary let's see
if you realize that your stupid trial
and your nonsense of Sentencing
nobody gives a [ __ ] okay I mean
honestly it's a sentence for
civil insult and if you thought that
was your great strategy to try to
look
like you beat me at something The truth is I don't
give a damn man and You're
a pain you're a real pain man
and it turns out that with all this about
Fran Okay, well there were people who were
putting  on Twitter tweet from the sensei
sitting this one who is
Joan Plana's right hand man and now also
Tania's okay Tania who is the same is the
same as the sensei in reality I mean they
are bad people and don't look for him anymore you
understand and don't look for him anymore no I'm clear Let's
see you can't go beating your
chest Oh I've won a sentence because they
insulted me Oh hey what guy what mouth what
vocabulary what vocabulary what insults
man it's a conviction for insults eh For
insults okay And apart from being a
conviction for insults okay I
understand that it was like your big blow not
because you didn't dare to have a debate
with me and I gave you things eh accept a
debate okay because in the end what you
saw was fear Joan of having a debate
with me Because I hit you in the palate you
understand me It's okay okay but we must not
forget that we must not
forget that in the sentence itself it says that
you told me illiterate being
frustrated a poor soulless person is rotten
inside and he knows it this is
referring to the chrom okay a shame to
be  sad frustrated person without empathy
deserves every illness that comes his way
okay this is because of cron too eh
punk bad person Javi and his
illiterate liars stupid garbage stupid
illiterate frustrated victims of
a bad life are a reflection of
society they need to go to the psychologist to see
if he can help them find the
scavenger brain eh I have a
toxic relationship of abuse okay punk don't
debate with garbage I disgust you
and I cry I'm a crybaby Well
of course to me after all these
insults you sue me
for for insulting you Well look boy it
seems crybaby to me the less you know I
mean eh we have to remember
also we have to remember also [ __ ] what
insults How sad of course tarantula but the thing is that
Tania when she has read
my sentences 500 times she has not read them of
course come on this man apart from well
These are a few these are the ones that
collect the sentence but there were many
more apart from calling me an abuser and
insinuating that I had my wife like
a sack of boseo I hit her  okay so
what do you want me to tell you man, well if I
insulted you and I was convicted for the
insults then take your 0 euros and shut up
already your mouth you're a pain in the ass no you ca
n't see anyone more
burned than 4 years of good if there are
some there are some there are some more yes
4 years later than 4 years after
4 years come with the story boy I
made you a gin over that you
asked me for look look This is what
happened to Joan
let's see what happened to Johan Well of
course he's been around a lot of
channels with the nonsense of the Sentence you
know of course there we have to tell things
as they are Look at you that even with the
sentence when he left and right there
on the flight I told him man What do we have to
do so that each one goes his own way
Sorry for the insults each one goes his own way I do
n't know but the guy doesn't stop the guy doesn't
stop because he felt frustrated his
idea that and that
the lawsuit was what was
going to prove him right man
these lawsuits of insults okay just like  the
other one that I lost recently they don't
agree with you in your story nor do they agree with you
in what I have told or have not
told, I mean it's simply because of the
expressions there's no other way man stop
selling a motorcycle that doesn't exist Look at this
man
and he behaved like this before I
did the gameover okay another video of
Ali from Javi the badass from YouTube
Javi ha the gameover about me this is
so tacky level up He asked me for the
gameover okay look he'll unlock it he
even made me the thumbnail for the gameover Look ha
already at the gameover Ali from badass I've already
made the cover for you for free
Uh how scared I am the gin
over I clearly asked him that I
want the game
over spiteful go Javi that gameover is
full of lies I want to
see it have you already done the gameover totally he
put himself on occasions to ask me for gameover
Okay what happened well I did
the gameover let's see the intro of the
gameover let's see the intro of the
gameover but really at the end
of what I'm going to tell you today is going to
ruin your whole week  I have to
warn you that after you finish watching
this video you are probably going to feel
very bad. But I still
ask you to watch it, although it will
take a long time to watch it until the end because these
are things that
many of you who are
watching this video surely have to know,
the name Carlos Salgado will not sound familiar to other people and I
say this because the case of this
man has become very mediatic, he has given
many interviews on television, in
newspapers and such. Since during the
last few years he has lived the biggest
nightmare for any father, just
over a decade ago, this man began a
relationship with a foreign woman
which resulted in the birth of his daughter
Carolina, life is not a fairy tale.
Well, for one reason or another, that relationship did not go
well and ended in divorce. The divorce
was very contentious from the first
moment, to the point that the mother even
prevented the visitation rights for Carlos,
not only that, but she also filed
a lawsuit against Carlos for alleged
sexual abuse of the girl, a lawsuit that
of course was dismissed from the
first moment and despite this, in
September 2016 things got
much worse.  disobeying the judge and
social services Carolina's mother
took the girl and took her to
her country Kyrgyzstan Kyrgyzstan is a country
that belongs to Central Asia where
the International Convention on the
Abduction of Minors of 1980 does not apply
therefore Carlos has a very difficult time
recovering his daughter Carlos This
was coming and on repeated occasions he
had warned the court that this
could happen but by the time the law
acted the girl was no longer in Spain I
have to tell you that I have had the
opportunity to meet with Carlos and he
has presented me with all the
judicial documents that I have requested to
verify that the entire course of this
story is as it has been told and I have to
affirm that not only is it
as it has been told but it is even
worse among other things he has shown me the
sentence where a judge granted him
exclusive custody of Carolina and they
removed parental rights from the mother
Hello Carolina today is January 7,
2020 today you turn 12 years old and I'm sure you
are already a grown woman quote
Unfortunately ago  long time no
see This is already the third birthday that I ca
n't celebrate with you but I have
hope that at some point we
will see each other again we will find each other again
and that we can celebrate all the birthdays
you have left this man has
not been able to see his daughter for 3 years this man has been
living hell as a father for 3 years I
can assure you that
if any of us were given the choice we would
surely choose you to
tear off our four limbs before
separating us from our children Carlos
with the help of a youtuber has opened a
crowdfunding because they need money
to travel to Kyrgyzstan and at least
see her and try to make arrangements in that country
At least the law obliges the mother
to allow him to see his daughter to allow him
uh let him have a relationship with her father and
this because bringing her back to
Spain is totally out of the question
since as I say in that country the
laws do not agree with those of
Spain and it is almost impossible okay the
youtuber Johan Plana offered to do
an interview with him to publicize his
case I rather think that it was  To take
advantage of the virality of the moment but
well the important thing is that I was going to
help him because from one day to the next he decides to
not only throw away the time
given by Carlos to give him the
interview but also to refuse to
publish that interview he begins to
insult him, to say very harmful things and to
try to convince people
not to donate money to Carlos, he says
saying things like he wants the money
to
spend it on me, he does
n't care about his daughter, what he cares about is
being the center of attention using his
daughter he uses his daughter to be the center of
attention he is asking for money to
travel with a feminist the day I
was with the father we wanted to go to a
very posh brothel But he told me to wait for
the crowd funding This was totally
denied at the moment by
Carlos himself since the day he was with Joan
Plana recording the interview was
more than a year ago and the crow funding was not
opened until January okay, I mean
lies have very short legs
Joan Plana after exposing this
lie began to say that it was sarcasm I
encourage you to continue giving him money for
that he criticized me for free I was looking for
attention it's garbage you will be delighted
to pay for the trip for him and a
feminist watch out for this comment because it's
going to give you a pinch in the stomach
eh Joan Why did you refuse to publish the
interview you did with that man whose
daughter was kidnapped just
because he contradicted you and
Joan answers because among other things he wanted
some strangers to kidnap his daughter
put her in a trunk and illegally take her out
of the country without caring about
the psychological consequences for the
girl also because he is asking for money
to pay for a camera and a trip for
a feminist among other
things It is worth noting that these comments
well there you have the gin over okay
you can see it eh And it seems to me that well
this gin over that justice is worth it or rather
he with the lawsuit tried to eliminate this
gin over but the gin over stays okay it
stays because he wants it stays because
he wants because when the issue
of the lawsuit got so heavy I
removed all the videos not only the ones that the
sentence asked me to eh which were
few but I removed all of them and I said dude
if you want me to remove all the videos we
remove all the videos of each
other and  each one on their own and each one
on their own but the thing is that it doesn't stop it does
n't stop it's been a year a
year since the sentence and this
man who looked down on
people and looked down on people for being a
feminist to this day He gets together with a
few feminists to try to
get me and this is this man who
did this with Carlos
Salgado this and everyone who is getting
together with him to join him to
try to annoy me sink me
I'm the same as this one you understand me
I don't
care but man open a
sentence for insults when
this man goes through life like this man
well it seems to me to be a little you know what's
going on Sister What's going on Sister of course man The
thing is that these people
Vane but it's that he won a trial
for insults Uy
uyu and what's up man Look if he's sitting down his
right hand is worth It's okay for me as if
the sanctuary were burning with him inside and then
a meteorite would fall on them I'm going to sleep
soundly and without the way he does it
with whoever he gets together with He already makes you  think that he
does it to get money through
pity of course
yesterday
when I saw this tweet I simply put
Joan's right hand flat so and so on
man Pili a kiss Thank you
very much sweetheart Thank you very much Well you
know what he did, let's say they sent it to me
by md if not I wouldn't
find out having me the guy blocked he
replied to the tweet to call me the
other day he was calling me a clown dog
Well today again okay of course this
man who goes around bragging that he has
a case won because I insulted him
gives me dog mojis he gives me
clown mojis okay Javi you didn't have an
interrogation from the sensei I don't remember
Pablo I don't know Fran supported you in the
boycott of my person and business the boycott
you did it alone and in fact if you
had forgotten the subject it would already be more
than forgotten I mean yes yes yes if he
had had the fight with me with utbh
with the other one but he would have left the subject
and already in 2022 he would have, I mean he has
had after the fight with us
he has had
visits on his channel he has continued
uploading videos and having visits
what  what happens is that it has remained stagnant
on the subject man man that people on the
internet debate with one and debate with
another and the next day they forget and it
stays Look man who came to the twitter
having me blocked he found out
instantly that I posted this and he came he
unblocked me he answered me and he
blocked me again that is not normal it
would be pitiful If he hadn't joined to
support worshipers like you who try to
destroy the lives of others to
monetize the hatred against them you are a
clown
and Tania and Tania what he
defends and Tania yes s six sitting that one who
attended as a witness to the trial
that you lost against Joan
Plana and what Tania And what Tania Tell me about
real trials and people
truly convicted Tania
Tell me about people convicted for
bad things Tell me about people
truly convicted not about sentences for insults What
is a sentence for insults I'll
also take you out because they took away three
points from my license once for not wearing a seatbelt
Andrea a
kiss  worry about your life worry about yours
worry about yours and
talk to me about serious judgment Tania what I
want is for you to talk to me about serious judgment
T Look
Tania Look
Tania Look Tania the people who
were inhibited and harassed look look
how the other day you were
calling
Karime a [ __ ] Cover up a little
Tania t doesn't have a [ __ ] clue about
anything and keeps putting her foot in it but it's that
if she has it I tell her Ah wait
If she has it she doesn't care
it's that if she has it she doesn't care
Look at those who are harassed Look at
those harassed look
look at the [ __ ] in action I wasn't
even good enough to arouse pity This is what I am and
you don't need to keep your
threats to yourself the day you have the balls what you
tell me here you tell me to my face because
with your face broken you don't need more
to ar Piece of
[ __ ] these are the ones who have been [ __ ] me up
a [ __ ] year with some nonsense of a
0 sentence  eur for insulting a
person who insulted me
first, I mean it's a complete joke it's a
complete joke that there are people paying
attention to these people, let's say people like
them people like
everyone obsessed with you dude but
I don't understand it's people But what am I
telling you So the video hurts you a lot that it
left you very bad the
video hurts you a lot that it left you very bad Okay
my son, the first thing I did,
well come on Sorry for the insults you
remove mine I remove yours each one
on their own and I remove I removed videos that I didn't
have to remove and the note goes on the note goes on
man you've lost your mind with
freedom whatever comes up the trial with
the nicoteca because you insulted them
first man you're very
heavy you're very heavy you went
to talk to Juanjo Juanjo
sent you to Paseo that now you're talking to
Antonia and Miare that I don't know
which of the two I don't know what's worse
if it's their part or yours
that you got together what are you doing  a a a
go talk to a lady who acts like a
prosecutor on Twitter
to say that you're collecting Signature
to close my channel boy look what you
're
doing look what you're
doing tarantula but for many
years people have argued and there are times when you like each other
better than you like each other and that's it you'll
obsess for
life I've been waiting for Tania to
tell us what Loli's hoax
about her relationship is based on and where
her partner is, explain it,
explain it Julia because that If it's like that it has to
be difficult
eh
I've been
talking of course Javi that between one
and the other you have a patience that I don't know
where you get it well I imagine it's a
jinx part of the job right But what am I
telling you eh But what am I
telling you that one is
on their own calm chill with my
things I don't remember them and
I have this one and a couple of them like
this one for Vid hooked to my arm dude
but for life for life
dude for life for
life and the Noelia thing
perod la  that Noelia but a
disgrace a
disgrace Okay let's get down to business,
no, she's looking for allies in channels that
feed each other, dude who
left, who appeared on the chat Look at this
dude look at this dude
Ah ah
already predisposed you know not in a
neutral way as it really is you haven't
sent a letter to go to a
civil summons in Spain yes let's go since it's
very late flat very well Sergio
waiting for Javi to get the lawsuit so he
pays my
compensation blessings Ah this is the
boy I'm living in a [ __ ]
simulation I feel like crying it
's very late here it's the
early morning Excuse me yes Knock we're going to
leave you now because and they just appeared in
the chat dude it's very late at 4 in
the morning in a debate I had with
these two with this married couple No that you already
know who the mortgage guys are
no at 4 in the morning Joan appeared
on the chat because I was debating I had
had a debate with those with
anyone with anyone who appears in
such a well first Noelia appeared but
and then he appeared
dude whoever he is
okay whoever they are leave me
alone leave me alone It's
normal that he thinks it's a simulation it's
not normal but girl leave me
alone boy But he thinks that this is
good for him that he looks good with
that tremendous
I follow the plan another G over but if it does
n't have repercussions
Egyptian Cris but apart from that it's that I don't care about
one thing Let's see I have to answer
many times because it's that it doesn't stop it's that it doesn't stop it's that it doesn't stop
boy stop but not for him and
a
few I hadn't seen this I hadn't
seen that
pily man that you appear wherever you are
wherever you are man recruiting recruiting
trying to
recruit and join up with Tania who he
himself surely in private laughs at
Tania him and the
sensei because he has described people like Tania
as choni
eh that they have a belly that they smoke or in other words she
has all the characteristics that
segur and that Joan pl knows that Tania is not
smart and surely she simply
uses her to get wet and that's it
Cristina says I see something  broso the
live one well clear the screen
daughter But what's more, I mean
to recruit eh but they're getting
together among themselves dude and among
themselves they're people with whom they wouldn't get
together I mean Joan is
trying to bring together feminists
people with botania things like that dude look at
yourself What's going on
Joni Guille it's because of insults king
well people let's go to the
chimillo what Tania is doing is scary now but
Tania what she has to do is
answer what
Loli did because Loli is very interesting
try what's going on Tania
tell it
come on Karim told me something and she doesn't
deny it Joan already joins anyone who
pays some attention to her anyway I
think that guy is not well the
reactions he had in my trial are not those of a
normal person I don't attack him anymore it makes me feel
sorry to see that it makes me feel strange that he is
super frustrated because of course he
believed that the letter of demands was
like the master card to give him the
reason let's see if it's that in those
trials they are not judging who is
right or wrong in the debates  in what is being
discussed I was right I was
right that no that you weren't You were right that they
condemn me for what I say In other words they
condemn me for what for the expressions if
I had said things with other
expressions there is no
condemnation you understand In other words
nobody agrees with you man I'm
sorry Well we're going to be a little while
before I lose my voice with
the nose thing that's starting to sting a little
the truth
eh And Let's catch up a little bit of
chimillo if you can think of something
that you want us to see let me know
okay for now I wanted to see this no he doesn't
have a [ __ ] that only Sofa her esum to
Olga Moreno on set or rather completely
out of place
no on the other hand but let's see lady
you have to shut up
you have to shut up he says to
Olga on the other hand but let's see lady
you have to shut up here
nobody has to shut up
eh Sofa Olga is also in the
contest she has been an All
Star survivor and she can talk eh but man she's
there to  that's not Oh sorry sorry
alter I'll change it right away
Hey but how strong no this girl not the
ways that the Plato have
no but she doesn't have a [ __ ] but she doesn't have a [ __ ] I
mean do you think it's
normal in the middle of an
interview to say that
dude she's also in the contest she was
a survivor All Star and she can
talk eh but she doesn't have a [ __ ]
looking for the easy applause I thought it was going to
go well you know and it's like bravo
bravo say it queen Well in fact there are
people on Twitter like that look but she doesn't have a
[ __ ] they should throw all the hey they
have to throw at her she just made a movie
I'm screaming
Hahaha what's so funny a
vulgar phrase she doesn't have a [ __ ] but how clear it came
out wrong How vulgar really
this girl is so vulgar I'm going as Marta I'm
going to count to 10 you know what's
wrong with you that you say that people have
crushed you and you
crushed yourself it reminds me of an answer
that someone gave me today on Twitter who
tried to make it come out well and it didn't come
out well either what is this you know I
mean this turkey pipa is a
little special kid also okay it turns out that there are
times  that these people Ah I don't know how to
explain this to you, it's from the youth Okay,
but it's like they resort to insults F, they
mess with your family, things like that
And it's like Ah, you name it, you name it,
you know, for example, the other day someone did it to me No, what a pain in the
ass about Javi
Oliveira's mother, you know, like saying, whatever, what a
pain in the ass about your mother, no And everyone
and this guy I cut him off today because he
was trying to compare, eh,
Bukele's prison with the prison that
Nicols Maduro wants to build, okay, I mean, Nicols Maduro
wants to build a prison, apparently
to imprison And probably to torture
anyone who goes against his regime,
okay And this guy, who I understand
defends Maduro and likes the
ideology of these people, Maduro and
so on, does
n't say, oh, but he applauded
Bukele's prison and it's like, man, there's a
small difference in Bukele's prison, he
put himself in Yes, yes, the sugu Susana was
Exactly, you're there, you're there,
Bukele's prison is to put
criminals and murderers in and
Maduro's prison wants to be to put everyone in  Whoever does
n't support him, let's go, he's going to put the
whole country in there from what I understand,
okay. And she had to delete the message
because people haven't supported him
in his stupidity, no, it's
totally pathetic, pathetic,
Sofia's expression is
completely pathetic, and she thought she was
going, bravo, bravo, long live Carrasco, and don't
go out because it doesn't make
sense, she compares civilians with gang members,
what world do you live in? Well, in the
lollipop world that
Wilfredo lives in, in the lollipop world,
okay. So last night, apparently, Olga
mentioned something about this, okay, you
feel hurt by the words that
Sofia directs towards you, of course,
I feel hurt,
eh. Let's see, what this woman has done is
destabilize us all, okay, eh, she's been
putting [ __ ] on everyone, okay.
And on top of that, Sofia has been putting [ __ ] on
everyone, she's going to try to hurt everyone, eh.
Where it hurts each one personally,
eh. Where it hurts each one is
personal, eh. And the thing is that she is like that and
we've seen everything, it's not that we
want to do the  white white and
black Black as always And let's see
Logan with you if it's true that I said
imp that expression is only typical of
vulgar people like her it's that
I of applauding a phrase
as if it were Wow what an art the phrase you have
man come on I didn't understand it when it is the
documentary Roco Carrasco does some
phrases that
I don't remember a moment I don't remember on
account of what I remember a moment in which
Roco Carrasco
did that I have given birth to her I have given birth to her
I over here as if we didn't know Where
the female genitals are you
know I don't remember I'm telling you
what But
come on it's not that I
don't understand people applauding
this to applaud ordinary ones because it's that it does
n't have more there I don't get involved each
one I'm going to tell you one thing man
totally because I tell you one thing I have
two ovaries Okay and much more education
than that I do
n't know how to answer someone with a he doesn't
have a [ __ ] Well the truth is that he doesn't
understand much Hey by the way let's
see about
telum let's see about
telum
Ah almost in  reading the interview
I was looking for a clip as if it were from
television okay I
juggle to
survive I have a service person it
's the luxury that I
allow myself and me but how is this going to be
in the same sentence dude I mean in the same
interview I juggle to
survive I have a service person it
's the luxury that I allow myself damn the
service person then survives
survives hyper mega survives
no and it's tremendous eh
I have never on very few occasions
had 50,000 in the bank damn well you
have to go you have to splurge
eh I mean you have to splurge
eh who has never had 50,000 euros in
the bank
already had to squander the
money I mean just as it came in
spending it all every month
no but
apart from that 00,000 must have come into his house
every month on many occasions it doesn't make
sense
this doesn't make sense dude it also reveals
a debt of someone with her she owes me
money that doesn't exceed 100 1000 my
daughter when I have had some problem she
told me  if you need anything
tell me and I tried to justify this
last night because when I put out a fire
suddenly another one came but it doesn't say
that his assets are less than 50,000 he
will have it in properties yes Lili but let's see the fact
is that 50,000 is not a lot of money I
understand that a lot of people are going to tell me
how it is not a lot of money I don't know what we are
going to see for a person who earns the
money that these people earn
let's see how much Terelu has been able to earn
eh in the normal times of Slvame when
she was a presenter and
collaborator she hasn't been able to
earn between that the reading blog I don't
know how much 30,000 petes
to Claro clear clear Estela is that she has
always lived above her means 00,000 that you don't have them in
the bank a person like Terelu if you
are earning every month 20 30
40,000 euros and now there is a month that you earn
70 because you have an exclusive there is another month
that you earn 50 because you have sold I don't know
what  you
understand it doesn't make sense that you can't
keep 00,000 in the bank not
100,000 1 or
200,000 unless you're
spending it as you go along anything goes
Imagine you have a salary of 20,000 a
month Give me an average okay I
think tero must have had an average of
20-30,000 okay you have an average of
20,000 I think 20 I think a
little more but oh well you have an
average of 20,000 a month plus some
extras no that come from exclusives and
such Damn What is it that makes you
spend the whole 20,000 not every month you
live day to
day it doesn't make
sense it doesn't make sense that you don't
have 50,000 in the bank You know that no matter
how you are the months go by and
you have money left over every month you have money
left over and you make it clear what
has to be is that you live as you
know how  imagine having a
person in the house there you already have 2 or
3000 eh
that you have a mortgage of 4 or 5000
euros that you spend 1000 or 2000 on going out
that you spend 5000 on
clothes a month it doesn't make sense I know
that you go spending more than
what you earn or you
know that no it doesn't make any other sense But
come on living well man
handsome lizard how are you Thank you very much man
from I don't know where because it wasn't mine or rather
more explanations I think I
couldn't be clearer But why are you taking
charge of expenses that aren't yours no well It
's obvious and they certainly don't belong
to my daughter please I want let's go
here what is she blaming that
the mother has spent it not leave it
Of course my daughter the poor thing has never
asked me for a euro in her life but they
belong Well
then to a mechanism that had to be made
so that a person who is the most
important in my life Yes yes let's see
that at the moment in which you are
saying already  the phrase I juggle
to survive I have a
service person it's the luxury that I allow myself she does
n't fit because of course here the person
who would be surviving is the
service person you are not surviving at
the moment in which you have a
service person that you can do without
and do it
yourself Oh you keep that person's salary
no you don't hire them that they don't
have the needs that they had to be
covered and I would
do them again and again and again and that they don't
understand it well I don't care because
for the people I love and of
course the person I love most in the
world along with my daughter is my mother my
mother as long as I'm
alive or as long as she was alive she
wouldn't lack anything what what
populism right what easy applause
No what easy applause not to have left that
comment that
people were criticizing all week
that
way I have one more thing left to
see I have one more thing left to see
or instead of being an intern, Mara Vzquez can go for a couple of
hours but come on  if you
're surviving you do it you don't
clean your house and you don't cook I mean it doesn't make
sense no no no it doesn't make
sense let's see really maybe she does
n't know about classism it's like
[ __ ] for her a bad life is a
life in which you have a
service person a driver and clothes can't
be anything that isn't a brand name you
know what I mean so I think that's where
the
shots go you know for her surviving
is not a person who has just enough to
pay the
mortgage fill the fridge I don't know what but
for her surviving is [ __ ] [ __ ]
It's that a service person is the
minimum that is
dispatched okay of course the problem is her
normality of
classism well people this is simply
an example okay I had it here
to watch it with you
and I'm going to watch this and I'm going to go because my
nose is starting to sting a little Okay then I'm going to
watch this and I'm going to go if I
feel better later I'm going to
the salseria again for a while okay let's see if it can
be tomorrow  past is almost at
if we return to normal But
this is basically another low blow from
Sofia suescum to another companion in this
case to
Alejandro That you see that Alejandro
is not I do not dislike but it is not that he is my
favorite okay at least in the
reality shows in which I have followed him
you know and that raillo let's describe him
like this that raillo but I do not dislike him
either but he does give here a good
review to Sofia sucum because the truth
is that Sofia
sucum is bad eh she is
bad and when Tania saw you What did she
tell you is that Tania loves me I do not
understand either because the girl thinks
that she is sitting or lying on the couch in
her house watching a
Netflix movie I know I know look look there it is
to attract
men but not to you what have you done
to your hair it seems that you have given me 190 hours
face rolling with laughter a kiss handsome
skinny that she loves you I do not know
because that she loves you I do not know the
four days that the relatives have been in Honduras
Kiko told me that he
was already starting to
feel
[Laughs]
too much, this is coming, this is coming to what
Alejandro commented when the
images of Sofia came out with Bosco, not in
bed, no in bed, no in that bed, no, he
commented like some images
with Bosco that it seemed like they were
kissing and Alejandro said, wow, they're
kissing, they've kissed or what happened
there, hey,
thank you very much privately for that
visa, thank you very much, I'm going to have
a hot coffee now, on your, on your
Costa. Yes, exactly it's because of Bosco,
you know it's completely different
because of course the Bosco thing is a scene
that they put there on the set
and of course the collaborators react,
you can't get out of here a supposed
insinuation of his partner, but well, he
started to pull out the rod and had to because of
this issue, the fight was off
camera, Lili and there's
nothing because she was making a mistake, she
was making a
mistake, are you saying that Tania,
during the four days that she wanted to say,
Sandra, I didn't want to say it because it seems to me,
well, everyone is like  It could
be that Tania is very nice more
than necessary but it seems to me that
everyone is as they are, it could be that she is ol
Olga laughing Alejandro doesn't realize she
is very nice more than necessary but
for a guy to tell me that she is not
nice of course it is obvious no we already
know it also it is not the game they have been
playing throughout the
contest What a bad mood
eh F in my partner be trust you maybe
this was last night the boy the
boy answering F you maybe the
girl has been in a good mood with
Kiko and such okay And the other one wanted to
interpret it I don't know the truth
great moment yes no that was a
dirty attack by this person because she
was corralled and said that I trust
my partner in fact there is a person here
who was 247 with my girlfriend with Kiko and
with Jorge's wife and well as
Alejandro says I was there the four of us
host Well if they had a fight on
the set off camera I would love to
see it
Eh well they put the images of Kiko
passed out of de  water and touching the
dancers there on the island come on there
Pilar Where is
that Where is that other days that
the four of us have been together and it seems to me a
very dirty attack on the part of the couple
Kiko for telling a lie and Sofia for
making it public Tania has behaved like
a lady at all times in fact one
time she tried to take care of Kiko it's not that she
was doing anything but it was already an
hour and he was there dancing he wasn't
doing anything and she says we're going to
sleep And well then let's go she says and Kiko we're
going to take it out so that people don't
misinterpret Maybe he's
dancing like a tanya we're adults that each
one or rather on top Let's see let's look for
that click that you're
telling me Quico
Jimenez or rather on top Tania I
was
taking care that Kiko didn't put his
foot in it
where could we Search for those
images
Ah, it really itches about the nose eh
where have they
put it I don't see anything in the latest
news eh
Enrique yes I'm going to go it's already itching me a
lot I'm going to look for that and we're going
okay my god but this lot of text from
Ricky Ed What is it wait I don't look
What's up people? Well, let's get to the
video in question in which we're going to see
Kiko Jimenez with that Honduran girl. Okay, I'm
going to explain a little bit. I remembered
that Kiko Jimenez at Angel Cristo's wedding, I do
n't know if you remember, he was
dancing quite happily, eh, with the
Honduran girls who were acting as
extras. Okay, and that caught my
attention. I've been talking to some of the
Channel's moderators
yesterday, eh, looking for videos here and there.
Finally, I found it because I remembered,
I remembered that there had been something with a
Honduran girl. Okay, this has nothing to
do with what Alejandro Nieto said.
Okay, let's see the images now. It
has nothing to do with Alejandro Nieto.
Alejandro Nieto, what he said was, you
're attacking me. Sofia. Well, if you
want, I'll talk about what
Hungary Torres and Mar did, holding hands with a
Honduran girl. Okay, this is true, it
caught my attention. Let's see, nothing's happening,
this show is television, but
now I'm saying the same phrase that
Sofia Suescun said before. Kiko
Jimenez becomes, as you've seen, no longer
happy.  that none and here if you notice
Kiko Jimenez is holding on oh my goodness he
's holding hands with a
Honduran woman okay this is true it
caught my attention let's see nothing's happening
this show that is television is
nonsense damn Well if he's over there dancing
listen
family no no but apart from that there's
nothing wrong with it no I mean I can dance
with any of you and I'll hold your
hand whenever you want
no people I'm going it's getting
a little bit hard okay I'm going to get out before I
hurt myself and I'm going to rest
Tomorrow Well tomorrow let's see if tomorrow
maybe I can record a newscast around
here and And if at night I feel better
then I'll come around
here for a while okay the salsera in the salsera
and on my Twitter okay in case if you
want to see it on YouTube or on Twitter
where I
prefer I uploaded the interview I did
yesterday with Fran about the
sanctuary okay So I recommend that you
watch it a kiss a kiss gorgeous
see you
[Music]